Readme.md, before:

Jexus Manager from LeXtudio
===========================

[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jexuswebserver/JexusManager/total.svg)](https://github.com/jexuswebserver/JexusManager/releases)
[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/jexuswebserver/JexusManager.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/jexuswebserver/JexusManager?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/lextudio/2ff52850-71c5-4578-ba6f-9022767c1ae6/9.svg?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/lextudio/jexus/_build?definitionId=9)

Jexus Manager was designed to be the cross platform manager for Jexus web server.

![Jexus Manager](http://i.stack.imgur.com/IeWe3.png)

Following the announcement at Jiaodong Developer Conference 2015 that Jexus Manager now becomes a fully open source project,
the code base has been cleaned up and published to GitHub.

More information about the code will be published in the coming weeks.

Documentation is at https://docs.jexusmanager.com

Build from Source
=================
Make sure all Git submodules are initialized, and then run dist.deploy.bat to compile the source. It restores NuGet packages and kicks off MSBuild.

About The Icons
===============

Source 1: http://8666.deviantart.com/art/Tango-MIME-Icons-114829865
> Use Bbook.ico and book-catelog-security.ico
> Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License.

Source 2: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Tango_icons
> Tango Icons
> Public Domain

Commit message:

Update Readme.md to clarify install steps, remove some dated info
The textual changes are self-explanatory. I'll add some thoughts/justification in the discussion on the PR.

Readme.md, after:

Jexus Manager from LeXtudio
===========================

[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jexuswebserver/JexusManager/total.svg)](https://github.com/jexuswebserver/JexusManager/releases)
[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/jexuswebserver/JexusManager.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/jexuswebserver/JexusManager?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/lextudio/2ff52850-71c5-4578-ba6f-9022767c1ae6/9.svg?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/lextudio/jexus/_build?definitionId=9)

Jexus Manager was designed to be the cross platform manager for Jexus web server, which can also work with IIS and IIS Express.

![Jexus Manager](http://i.stack.imgur.com/IeWe3.png)

Documentation is at https://docs.jexusmanager.com

Installation/Installers
=======================

Installation steps and link to installers are offered at https://docs.jexusmanager.com/getting-started/install.html

Build from Source
=================
Make sure all Git submodules are initialized, and then run dist.deploy.bat to compile the source. It restores NuGet packages and kicks off MSBuild.

About The Icons
===============

Source 1: http://8666.deviantart.com/art/Tango-MIME-Icons-114829865
> Use Bbook.ico and book-catelog-security.ico
> Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License.

Source 2: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Tango_icons
> Tango Icons
> Public Domain
